Update "Using two editors" docs (#15930)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/installation/advanced/using-two-editors.md

yarn add -D @ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-inline
```

> Next, modify the `src/ckeditor.ts` file, which currently only exports a single editor class. Start by moving all plugins and configuration to variables so they can be reused by both editors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, modify the `src/ckeditor.ts` file, which only exports a single editor class. Start by moving all plugins and configuration to variables so both editors can reuse them:
```
What about removing passive voice?
